My project goals for the final game was to try and recreate a knock off version of the classic game called Asteroids. My goal was to learn how to work with collision handling, force, and have multiple files working at once. I needed to figure how to make Fred fire bullets while he was flying through space. The end result of this game was to make Fred have force, speed, and movement through the galaxy while firing bullets and destroying all the spaces rocks possible.
Instructions for the user is fairly simplistic and easy. The user is told to destroy as many space rocks in the alloted time before they hit earth. The up arrow creates force and speed, the left and right arrows rotate Fred from left to right, and the space bar fires bullets.
I learned a lot from making my final game. I leanred to have a lot of patience and to not get too frustrated if my code broke. My code did break, multiple times in fact. I learned that the whole code doesn't need to be finished in one day and to give myself time and space when I get overwhelmed.
The main place I got stuck was trying to figure out what order my code needed to be in. I wasn't sure where to plug in certain code because my code broke a few times with certain code not in the right place. I also got stuck trying to figure out the correct scenes. I knew what needed to happen in each scene but again, figuring out where they went and in what order was a little tricky. 
I would like to improve a few things. I would like to improve the collision handling a little better. I would like my game to allow the bullet to collide with the rocks and make them explode too. I had no issue getting Fred to collide with the rocks and make them explode but I could not figure out how to get the bullet to collide with the rocks. I would also like to enhance my game to add visual effects when collision occurs.
I would do a few things differently next time. I would like to make my game to have multiple bots that fire off randomly to create a more interactive gaming experience. I would also like for my game to have better control over the rocks exploding and have more of a visual effect.
I did not stray far from the game design document at all thankfully. I felt like I added a little more to my code than what was on my game design document.
I managed to stay on track by giving myself goal milestones. I worked each day on certain aspects of the game and set a goal for myself to reach. If I didn't reach that goal, I gave myself some time to recoup. But it was fairly easy to stay on track by making sure I went step by step and reached each milestone in a timly manner.
